He's gay.
Say they smell it.
That poor guy.
I would say the [inaudible] ask you this.
How does that guy come back from that he doesn't ever know because he's going
to,
was he,
how does he feed himself?
The way he feeds himself,
because he's still going to have a base.
The base is,
won't have is like the motherfuckers be like,
fuck it.
I would've did the same thing.
That's not a good group of people.
You said it's not,
it might not be a good group of people the way you think it,
but for him it's a group of people that's going to be still some people that
want to hear his side of the story.
Like everybody's not,
everybody's not like dismissive of him.
Right.
And some people still hold onto like,
well maybe some people that just to,
you know,
like I refuse to believe it.
Right.
Point blank.
Well he's still denying it.
He's saying that they're lying.
Yeah,
man.
Ladies thing.
But you know,
I don't know.
Maybe,
It doesn't look good.
I don't know.
Don't do this was in the Donald.
No,
I think something else was going on Bro.
I think something did.
I think he was,
I think he was possibly paying them for something else.
That'd be not just to beat my ass.
Like thank you guys.
Alright,
I got some other ways you can make money.
I don't know again.
Yeah,
it's just,
sorry.
It's so fucked up bro,
because you have
like,
it's so fucked.
Live up.
My older brother's gay and like with that situation,
it kind of rung home to me because when it first was pronounced like this,
I wish to fuck somebody would try to violate my brother would disrespect my
brother.
I know how it arms.
I'd be ready to go.
So I had that and that's what's so fucked about those shit.
He has so many people.
There was Ryan for him for different reasons,
man.
And it's like really selfish for you to not give a fuck about how you're going
to hurt people.
You know what I mean?
He didn't realize how bad it would go wrong maybe man,
Bro,
come on.
You going for the gates.
When you saying when you're,
when you're saying throwing fucking bleach on me,
Maggie,
you trying to,
you're trying to trigger motherfucker trying to chicken pho for Elvis sell DC.
He was a gay Tupac.
He said that I ain't no killer,
but the push me for visuals like the sweetest joy next to getting,
well,
he didn't say the pussy.
That's hilarious.
He said that he was gay.
He already had his movie in his head that's overtaking fought back.
I'm the gay Tupac.
He already had his Hashtag.
He probably bought the white website.